Add GitHub Agentic Workflows to landscape and platform nativeness problem doc (#226)
konflux-ci/fullsend: docs/problems/platform-nativeness.md

Fullsend creates one GitHub App per agent role (triage, coder, review, fullsend) through the [manifest flow](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/sharing-github-apps/registering-a-github-app-from-a-manifest). This involves a local HTTP server, a browser redirect to GitHub, a callback to capture the PEM (available only at creation time), polling or prompting to install the app on the org, and logic to detect reuse vs. lost-key scenarios ([ADR 0007](../ADRs/0007-per-role-github-apps.md)). The credential lifecycle is particularly fragile: the PEM private key is returned only once during the manifest conversion, there is no API to rotate it, and if the key is lost the app must be deleted and recreated from scratch.

gh-aw uses GitHub's own `GITHUB_TOKEN`, scoped per-job. The agent gets a read-only token automatically; the write job gets a scoped write token. No App creation, no PEM lifecycle, no manifest flow, no rotation concern.

**Compensating value:** Per-role Apps give fine-grained identity separation — triage can't push code, reviewer can't merge. But GitHub's native per-job token scoping achieves a similar (if less granular) boundary with zero setup cost.

### Repository enrollment

> Fullsend must inject a shim workflow into each target repo. The CLI creates a branch (`fullsend/onboard`), writes `.github/workflows/fullsend.yaml` with the `pull_request_target` trigger, and opens a PR. A human must merge this PR to complete enrollment ([ADR 0013, proposed](../ADRs/0013-repository-enrollment-v1.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fullsend must inject a shim workflow into each target repo. The CLI creates a branch (`fullsend/onboard`), writes `.github/workflows/fullsend.yaml` with the `pull_request_target` trigger, and opens a PR. A human must merge this PR to complete enrollment ([ADR 0013, proposed](docs/ADRs/0013-admin-install-repo-enrollment-v1.md)).
```

> Fullsend must inject a shim workflow into each target repo. The CLI creates a branch (`fullsend/onboard`), writes `.github/workflows/fullsend.yaml` with the `pull_request_target` trigger, and opens a PR. A human must merge this PR to complete enrollment ([ADR 0013, proposed](docs/ADRs/0013-admin-install-repo-enrollment-v1.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fullsend must inject a shim workflow into each target repo. The CLI creates a branch (`fullsend/onboard`), writes `.github/workflows/fullsend.yaml` with the `pull_request_target` trigger, and opens a PR. A human must merge this PR to complete enrollment ([ADR 0013, proposed](../ADRs/0013-admin-install-repo-enrollment-v1.md)).
```
